No way.
What did you call me here for?
Why are you turning a deaf ear to my words?
I don't understand what you're saying
Is something wrong?
Don't pretend to be harmless
It's just the two of us.
I'll tell you what.
Sunan is not something you can move
No, I'm just... I'm just impulsive
I never thought about hurting him
If it weren't for Sunan
We were already engaged
Where are these things?
I'll tell you what.
Even without Sunan
I won't be engaged to you either
Since you can't see reality
Then don't blame me for being ruthless
admire
Start today.
Terminate all cooperation with the Song enterprise
If anyone dares to cover me
It's just a shield for my revival
No no
I was wrong. No.
You can't do this to me!
Our two families are city teachers
Why would you ruin the Su couple?
Since the day you hurt Grandma Su
I didn't expect this day
Bodyguard
Don't recognize it
No, I was wrong.
No, you can't do this to me. No
The person Vice President Miss Song has been in contact with recently is Fucheng
He will suddenly attack Miss Su
Presumably Fucheng has also done a lot
Something beyond your reach
Since he is too busy to panic
Then send him to experience
Start today.
I don't want to see him again.
Yes, I'll do it now.